Remove inappropriate "please", minor rewording (#4249)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/billing-and-payment.md

When you sign up, you're on the **Free plan**. To switch to the **Basic plan**
[create a team] first, then go to the _Team settings_ to [change the plan]. To

> sign up for the **Teams** or **Enterprise** plan, feel free to [schedule a call] (see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sign up for the **Teams** or **Enterprise** plan, please [schedule a call] (see
```

When you downgrade from the Basic plan to the Free plan, you will receive a
prorated refund for the days remaining in the billing period. For inquiries

> about refunds, don't hesitate to [contact us].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about refunds, please [contact us].
```

> To upgrade to or downgrade from Teams or Enterprise plan, feel free to [contact us].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade to or downgrade from Teams or Enterprise plan, please [contact us].
```

You can find answers to other frequently asked questions in the Iterative Studio
[FAQ page](https://studio.iterative.ai/faq). If you have any other questions,

> don't hesitate to [contact us].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please [contact us].
```
